Support nested records in the Arrow Builder (#1429)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - 🐞 VAST now supports nested records in both Arrow- and MessagePack-encoded
>   table slices, e.g., data of type `list<record<name: string, age:
>   count>`. While not yet support in all readers, ingesting such data will no
>   longer cause VAST to crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🐞 VAST now supports nested records in both Arrow and MessagePack
  table slices, e.g., data of type `list<record<name: string, age: count>`.
  While not yet queryable and supported in all formats, ingesting such data will no
  longer cause VAST to crash.
```
